Encourage Encouraged Encouraged
He encourages others We encourage
teamwork They have encouraged creativity
Establish Established Established You
establish rules They established contact
We have established traditions Hate Hated
Hated She hates lies We hated waiting
They have hated injustice Identify
Identified Identified We identify
problems They identified the suspect You
have identified opportunities Increase
Increased Increased Prices increase
yearly Costs increased suddenly Demand
has increased steadily Indicate
Indicated Indicated Signs indicate danger
She indicated left The data has indicated
trends Involve Involved Involved Involved
We involve teammates They involved
experts He has involved stakeholders Open
Opened Opened You open doors
We opened the window
They have opened many books Perform
Performed Performed He performs daily We
performed yesterday They have performed
internationally Propose Proposed Proposed
We propose solutions
She proposed changes You have proposed
ideas Receive Received Received They
receive mail We received a package He has
received awards Reject Rejected Rejected
She rejects excuses We rejected the offer
They have rejected proposals Rejectedо
Rejected Clipolin possiamo We'll be right back.